# Ekart
It is project based on ecommerce supermarket like amazon in C++.
The project aims to make an online shopping store.It will be used by users so that that they can order products and deals at the click of a mouse.
My program is based on an online electronic retail store name Ekart.
The program provides the user to Buy Goods from a large variety of products offered and online shopping made easier.
First it will start by showing welcome window, by welcoming the user to Ekart and then it ask for user input of to select form offer zone or the user wants to shop by category, by choosing offer zone it will display all the offers available and ask to shop.
If the user chooses Shop by Category then it will print the menu driven displaying books, mobiles and tablets, Computer and accessories, after that the user have to input the desired choice of what to buy and after this it will show the desired products on the basis of input given.
Once the user have selected an item he/she have a choice to add it in your cart or to continue shopping, after that u can add the item in your cart and then continue to shopping, after this when the user have finally selected everything he/she wants to buy thereafter the user can proceed to checkout or transaction menu
Where he can add item to cart or edit items already in the cart or can exit out of the program itself. 
After this after selecting the checkout option  user have to login if a new user or shopping first time with Ekart or the user can simply sign up and create an account after once the user have logged in, he has a choice to proceed to billing doc , here he has to select the way of payment , like Credit Card payment or with debit Card or he can simply choose to pay on delivery ,
after this the product would be confirmed after receiving the money if , if paid using premium way and after this program will terminate with a thanks message .


Files Generated


1.	Ekart.CPP File 
This file contains the source code of the project.

2.	Ekart.BAK File
This file contains the backup of the output generated by the program.

3.	 Bill.txt File
This file stores the bill, which contains the products which are bought by the user and their respective details.
